國立高雄科技大學(簡稱高科大)係由國立高雄應用科技大學、國立高雄第一科技大學及國立高雄海洋科技大學於2018年2月1日合併成立之新大學，為全國規模最大之科技大學。

高科大目前共設有5個校區，分別為建工校區、燕巢校區、第一校區、楠梓校區及旗津校區，校地面積合計為216.1公頃，提供學生優質多元之學習環境。

建工校區/燕巢校區：原「國立高雄應用科技大學」，土地面積為119.5 公頃。建工校區位處高雄市三民區建工商圈，地點極佳、生活機能便利，設有工學院及電資學院。燕巢校區依山傍水，校園生態豐富，設有管理學院及人文社會學院。
第一校區：原「國立高雄第一科技大學」，校地橫跨高雄市燕巢區及楠梓區，土地面積為73.4公頃。第一校區又分設教學行政區及運動休憩區，以大學橋聯繫其間交通，幅員遼闊、校景優美，設有工學院、電機資訊學院、管理學院、財金學院及外語學院。
楠梓校區/旗津校區：原「國立高雄海洋科技大學」，土地面積為23.2 公頃。楠梓校區鄰近高雄捷運後勁站，交通便利，設有管理學院、水圈學院及海洋工程學院。旗津校區為船員訓練中心基地，擁有國內唯一之學校專屬碼頭，設有海事學院。
NKUSTContact Us
More Information
★Add.：No. 415, Jiangong Rd., Sanmin Dist.,
 Kaohsiung City 80778, Taiwan
★Tel .：886-7-3814526
National Kaohsiung University of
 Science and Technology
About NKUST
 National Kaohsiung University of Science and Technology
(NKUST) was established on February 1, 2018 by the merger of
three universities: National Kaohsiung University of Applied
Sciences, National Kaohsiung First University of Science and
Technology, and National Kaohsiung Marine University. With the
total number of over 28,000 students, NKUST is now the largest
technological university in Taiwan.
NKUST Website :
http://www.nkust.edu.tw/
NKUST Official Facebook Page :
https://www.facebook.com/NKUST2018/
Strong Connections with Industries
Innovation and Entrepreneurship
Development of Ocean Technologies
 As the first president of NKUST, Dr. Ching-Yu Yang is known as a
modest, practical, innovative and visionary leader. With substantial
academic and administrative experience, President Yang has
dedicated himself to technological and vocational education in
Taiwan for over 20 years.
 He continues to cultivate innovative and practical talents with
academic excellence and entrepreneurship and will continue to
promote industry-academia cooperation and boost industrial
upgrade in the future. Through the partnerships with schools across
the globe, President Yang not only actively encourages international
education but also establishes strong linkages with global industries
through international industry-academia collaboration.
As to university objectives, President Yang aims to integrate
academic resources, elevate the quality of teaching and research,
and enhance the international competitiveness of the university.
Academic Palace
Visions Features Facts and Figures
 NKUST has a great geographical location. The total area of the
school is 216.1 hectares, including five campuses. The spacious
campuses and beautiful landscapes provide students with a quality and
comfortable learning environment.
NKUST currently has 13 colleges (College of Engineering, College of
Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, College of Management,
College of Humanities and Social Sciences, College of Finance and
Banking, College of Foreign Languages, College of Ocean Engineering, College of Maritime Affairs, College of Hydrosphere Science), 4
centers (Center of General Education, Center of Language Education,
Innovation and Incubation Center), and 1 committee (General
Education Committee).
Note : 4 colleges and 1 center are overlapped after the merger and are
 only listed one time.
 As the result of the merger, NKUST not only incorporates the
strengths of the three universities—strong connections with
industries, innovation and entrepreneurship, and ocean
technologies—into the new university, but it also has great
advantages in the aspects of vast campuses, strong human
resources, complementary resources, and diverse cultural assets,
which makes a lively and vigorous academic community and
learning environment for students. With the merger, the university
hopes to integrate all the resources and to cultivate more excellent
technological professionals and lead the business and industry
development in southern Taiwan.
　 With the pursuit of such ideals as value co-creation and
people-oriented leadership, NKUST continues to serve as
the think tank in Kaohsiung, the engine of industries,
and the base of the southbound plan. NKUST, with
great collaboration efforts across academia and
industry, has reinvented itself as an outstanding
international university that is widely recognized
by the global society and that nurtures top
professionals with academic excellence and
success in industries.
Awarded the“ 2018 Higher Education Sprout Project” (HESP)
with the funding of NT$399,340,000 (US$13,630,000) by the
Ministry of Education. The amount of funds awarded is No. 1
among all technological universities in Taiwan.
Awarded the“ 2018 University Social Responsibility Project”
(USR) with the total funding of NT$38,890,000 (US$1,318,500)
by the Ministry of Education (8 projects were awarded). The
number of projects and the amount of funds awarded are No. 1
among all technological universities in Taiwan.
Ranked No. 7 in the “2018 Top 20 University Performance
Growth Evaluation” survey conducted by Cheers Magazine.
NKUST made the most progress among the top 10 universities.
Ranked No. 3 among technological universities in Taiwan and
No. 1. among technological universities in Southern Taiwan in
the “2018 Enterprises’ Most Favored Job Seekers” survey
conducted by Global View Monthly Magazine.
 Making strong connections with industries, NKUST continues to
forge ahead in establishing long-term collaborations with regional
industries in engineering fields such as precision machinery, civil
engineering, chemical and materials engineering, mold engineering,
electrical engineering, and electronics engineering. To meet the
demands of global trends, the university actively upholds education
in four revolutionary domains, including creativity, innovation,
creation, and entrepreneurship and offers many academic and
practical courses such as Smart Commerce and other crossdisciplinary courses. The
university put a strong emphasis
on cultivating students’ creativity,
practical skills, cross-disciplinary
abilities, and employment
competitiveness.
In addition, the university has
the most comprehensive ocean
science and technology related
departments, thus providing a
solid foundation for research
and development for quality
ocean technology academiaindustry collaboration. With a
strong focus in ocean technology,
NKUST is the only technological
university in Taiwan that fosters
talents and professionals in
ocean industries. 